hello this is my assistant no no
want today we will have two two
the experiment went
what is the ceiling
magic it was our first experiment
further the second experiment will be associated with
water absolutely and of course to us
enjoy our reaction power and our video
every so what will happen to him tell
once again fill it with water from under
crane and
please bring another control closer
neatly picking up here somewhere
half you write as you scored
first the spectators are waiting and for now I'll tell you
that soon we will be testing
phone you write what we can with it
to make
development fist we can with it what piece
everyone will come write comments and now
perhaps all more than half and now
now we have forgiven him he will fold
Balcony and served package is not his
trying to quit and yes and here we are
together we throw it to the selection out right
so look down attention to 23 of us
turned out such look outlines as
I will separate here you can watch it and so
Now we will go out and see
what
what became its own bouquet and so
Now we look
then water will see you see
it got dark
in the street now it is getting dark
dressing up all taxi formalities
love was none shot
in freedom
I think the water has spilled but it
perhaps because there is ice driver he
cracked put on was throwing snow i
as if there was a double result but it is not
confirmed
water in the river vylaz strongly in one word
doesn't seem out of the snow
Well, of course I can, and now you
can see well you can
see the end of our while you can
to play
she will take and here I think it is the most
so it turned out